# open-test-docc
Um, line number seven. Go Mod. Oh, okay. We should not have any dependency on blueprints. Okay. Or even refill, for that matter. Oh, got it, okay, sure. These two, right? Yeah. Yep. Okay. Yeah, um, I'm not sure why this has been added. Yeah, let me take a look on that. So like the medium contract service. I'm not sure, like, why, what repo is this? I could be completely, oh, this is contract service. okay I am so funny. I am in contract service. Sorry about that. I should have, yeah, okay. Okay, that's what threw me off. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. Don't learn anything from contract service. If you're looking for something, EDM confix service is a good use case, uh, even capture service is better. Contract actually uses DSL, which you're trying to get away from, that is blueprint. It is absolutely horrible. Not a fan of that. Finally was able to kill it like last, like this January, they're working on migrating everything to actual go code. Even today's decision activity service. They also use blueprint. They are also working on migrating out of that. Okay, sure. Okay. So maybe I'll take, sorry, go ahead, Frankie. Uh, sorry, moving, because you mentioned about new print, right? So blueprint, is it that like a, like a code that was written by the graph structure input, if you want to do some things, you create some node and stuff like that. No, no, not like that. It is kind of like that. If you actually look at it technically, that's what it is. Yeah, I was looking at this... Yeah, it meant like we had a terminal node and we had like a data node, some... So we are going to Yeah, that was like one of the person I see is some of the code written in that language and some... Yeah, it got it, right? So, okay, my friends. It might have served some purpose like entire decisioning platform actually uses something called demon, demon rules, DMN. They all actually are some kind of like homegrown DSLs. I am personally not a fan of DSLs. Uh, I like Go-Code. I believe config is actually only supposed to be for environment. I don't like business logic in DSL. So that's what blueprint implements. That's what they all do. So, go go code is easier to test. It's easier to follow. When you have something like AI chunking it through, it actually makes sense. One thing I'm a fan of is like limiting tokens that you want to actually use if you actually have. Go ahead and actually look at optic Cloud for your usage for plot tokens if you actually want. You will actually see like every time it reads blueprint, it actually like spends tons and tons, like 10 to 10 to 20 times more tokens than normal. Thanks, honey. No, Robby, one question. Oh yeah, go ahead. Oh, Frankie, sorry. Go ahead. Sorry, I was just looking at the boldest structure. You have operate for live dependency also. I thought we would answer it for it. Like, what is this? Live dependency. Oh, this is the conspirations. Configuration. So what I did is all feature file, any payload, right? It goes under this feature. Or maybe can we convert it better? And component conflict goes under component, live dependency conflict goes under here, and I have a little. Like a test utility, pranky. Okay. So, but yeah, so I think what we could have just inverted at like conflicts under conflict. You can have like component and life dependency. Because like God connects just my feelback. There is also a different configs. When you put test configs, you could actually also think about like configs, right? If you go to the top folder about dogs, I think there should be actually a perfect folder there too. So if you open that up, there is like basic constants, configuration, and things like that also actually goes inside there. You don't want to actually mix both of them, but I'm actually completely fine. Like if you actually want to do that, I don't think anything that is common sense is something that we should be doing. Yeah. Okay. Do we have the data set for PL capture service cyber, line number 14 in that file? Uh, oh, I don't think so. until we have created one. I don't think we need a separate one. Uh, we should just use what capture service and EDM use today. Okay. So just to actually give an update, cyberlog, uh, any errors that you have in your application. You're supposed to send it to Cyber. So there is a one stream data set, and that data set, if you actually pull it up on exchange, you will see like general fields. What cyber does is they consume that and they use machine learning to come up with new patterns, which actually helps identify whether it is a malicious activity or somebody trying to play the game or something like that. That is what that is for. Okay. People didn't know what it was. So you can take that and you can actually go to exchange and you can actually search for that name and you should be able to actually get the exchange data set registration. Given EDM is on version one of cyberlog structure, but if you actually go to the go shared libraries, they have code within there which actually has like either version 2 or version three. Right? If it is not a lot of updates, we should look into seeing how to actually update the data set to like version 2 or version 3, the latest one, and then go to that recommendation rather than following the old way of doing things that EDM does. Okay. The one that ADM implemented is 3 years old. So that's why, uh, even there will probably be like a CBT or something and not CBT. Crap. CTB that will actually come out where they will tell us that you need to migrate to the new structure or something like that. at some point of time. So it's okay. Dust it. Okay. And yeah, Mukund, I think you said you had to discuss about a production plan, right? Sorry, to distract you on this. Oh, that's completely fine. This is a good conversation. Are we at a good spot to pivot or do you guys have any more questions about what are we sharing right now? Mm, right, again, just uh, suggestion or like, you know, taking out loud. Uh, when I was working in Alfred Lab team, we implemented like a table driven format for the convict tests, which would be like more ease to, you know, like even the product wanted to come and uh, change, add any new tests or like modify scenarios or something like that. Do we want to refer any of those like Mukan, like, do you have any idea if that would be more beneficial because we are still starting on the new, you know, testing, uh, forever? Give me a link to their guitar. Yeah, I just shared the feature file on the chat, just for the reference. We will have normally tables, like, for example, these type of tables actually exist even in capture, right? Because uh, these are just normal. Like when you are testing only one thing and you know there's only one thing you normally don't have this, but if you are testing something through like multiple floors, like if you actually open any of the contract ones, I think contract actually also has table tests. So these are like normal standards. Uh, so you should have like for contract captures, you will actually see like a bunch of features that actually has the exact same thing. So I don't think there is would deviating from that. When we get to a point where we need this, we can actually get into that. Sure, yeah. It's not, I could, uh, that the team now. Yep. And uh, quick question. So, so do we have to like always assume that the hemoxervice is gonna um respond with like all the data? possibly. You need to build the code. So as part of your development, when you're writing something, if you have dependency on mark service, you need to go and update the test cases for that to actually like have the code and mark service and actually use that. No, no, I'm asking like, uh, do we have to assume like the mock service is going to return all the data fields? I mean, like, instead of like calling a date, uh, direct API, we are calling them up service here, right? The same mark could actually be used for multiple test cases, right? So you cannot actually, like, I wouldn't recommend creating 100s and 100s of data files based off of like only what you need specifically, because that actually just proliferates the 1000s of JSM files or AML files that you actually need. So if you have a single one that actually gives you everything based off of the data that you need, as long as it serves the purpose, return the entire payload. If you're looking for something that needs different, that's when I think we should create anyone. Oh that's true. So basically that mock will return everything, but we are going to like write down our cases. You can choose what you need, yeah. But talking about the mock service, are we using the Memio service or we are... No. We will create, so there is a PLMount service repository, so you can actually download that which would start actually adding stuff to it. Uh, and use that. We're going to actually host our own mark service because it actually is a lot more stable than maybe a Mimino is a nightmare. I don't know if you guys have actually used it. The video goes down all the time. Yeah, I've seen that in Stack. Yeah. Yep. So, we should just use the PL Mark service and that Mark service, we should actually build what we need inside there and start using that for our purpose. It is a easiest, it'll be a cluster. It will have the service running. We should make sure that no PRs actually go ahead and update it. Only main branch should actually update it, but we can also use it for running performance test and test cases, which is actually going to be a requirement when we are actually nearing completion of the feature where we will actually have to do some performance testing and actually capture numbers and things like that. So, it runs in Hercules, but for, we are not going to do an integrated test just yet. That is probably down the line when the entire functionality is done for personal loans, but when our endpoint is ready, we actually are at the state to test our baseline, and all the stuff to actually understand how the sidecar operates, how actually the production capacity and things needs to be set. So we'll actually determine all of that. So we'll use this also for that. So the same mock that would be helping us with happy butt test cases for component will actually help us when we do the performance testing also. Yeah, but. And so over here, right? I know we are using uh, we don't have a PL specific conflict uh, service, so, is that a? It's going to be just leveraging idiom conflict service. Today, in EDM, we have this concept of like, if you go to EDM, I think we're working on migrating from there too. It is not EDM conflict service. I think we actually import EDM Config engine. You can look at the EDM capture service. All of EDM services do the same thing. So, uh, instead of actually making a call to the config API, we actually refer to the code as a module. So it's like a library that's ingested in, and we just call it because we save like one call. Oh, makes sense. over the exchange because there is exchange tax is very real. Sometimes you actually like just, when the request enters exchange and when it leaves out to the destination service that you call, that takes close to like 150 milliseconds sometimes. So we want to actually avoid using that. Just search for config engine. It should be on the top. It's always on the top. All EDM things are actually on the top. Just search Config. Yeah, that we to config. I think that's no, that's not the same. That's AWSSDK. It should be cough primary slash EDM. Just search for like EDM dash. Uh, you see the at the sky engine? Yeah. Yeah. That's what we should be ever using. They move to all of the code for a module from Confix service into engine, I think. So that's the thing. clarification you can actually ask, Jacob, he's going to be on vacation, but he can actually also ask Austin, Austin Sutton, on inner sourcing and he should be able to actually help answer that question. So, we'll be leveraging the same for us to be able to read, because all config will actually still be there, and we'll just actually read from there. They can work on, I'll actually force Confict to actually rename it to acquisition, configure, something like that, so that way it's actually common and it doesn't actually call out in single or DDM. Good, yeah. Any other questions? I know we're at time. It's Friday. You guys want to hang on for like a few more minutes? Because, like, uh, I saw that Frankie and Ravi, you guys had like a bunch of questions on Slack. I can go to that. So I can actually talk about the production expectations. I know it's 3 o'clock. Definitely fine. No, I mean, we are perfectly fine, but it's about you. I mean, your arm would, a good? Okay, perfect. Then you can go ahead. All right. Uh, let's start with the questions or let me actually talk about the broad stuff, then we can actually go, uh, uh, do the questions. Let me shut my screen. Actually, before I show my screen, do you guys know what Rex is? Yep, it is I know. I know. We do something. Sorry, Rakesh, go ahead. Hold on, have a single. Even I know about tracks. Right. It's some batshit crazy stuff that you do. It stimulates production failovers. But providing a notice that, hey, we are failing over. So it's chaos testing, but it's scheduled gas testing. Every quarter there is something that we do. It's coming in August. Uh, so because of that, we actually have to make sure that we make, there's few. That's one. The 2nd one is the CD mandate. I'm pretty sure you guys all are actually aware of it. 30 days within a repost creation and cough primary or a component creation, you need to be in production. You're expected to deploy twice a week to production. minimum. Now they changed it to one. In EDM, at least I've been a champion of like a PR merges. It needs to get to production. No questions asked. If it merges, it's expected that it's production ready. If it's not production ready, you should never even actually have a PR or it should not actually leave the draft stage, or you actually should have a feature toggle that actually blocks execution of the code so that nothing actually happens, so we can safely go ahead and deploy to Prague. Any questions? No, no. We hit 15 days since the depot got created, so we will start getting flagged 1st week of August that this component needs to be in production. Why is it not in production? So we need to do the bare minimum right now, to have component test cases, LDTs, and then we need to have the production infrastructure ready so that we can actually get it to apply to Prague. So that way, at least we have like a good basic foundation for us and establishes the pipeline so that every time something merges, it can actually keep getting deployed to product. So that is something that we should focus on all the reports that we created outside of Mark Service. MarkService still needs to build and get deployed to QA. That is a mandate, but we should actually make sure that all of these things actually are on a schedule. And then we can actually just keep deploying this that way. But the orchestration service, capture, and anything else that we create, those are... Sorry, what? That includes info dynamo also, right? Uh, yeah. So it needs to actually build as well. Yes, it needs to build and get deployed all the time. So infrastructure, daycare only till about getting to the Artemus approval stage. They don't care about whether it gets deployed or not. We made a mandate on EDM that we want to actually deploy infrastructure as well. We're not actually going to just see anonymous approval and actually just block it. So we're going to actually take it all the way to production because majority of the time when a gear behind the scene changes, it changes in production. How production operates it, what actually changes, non-prot doesn't change that much. So we need to get into polite to prod and actually make sure things are good. But how we operate in QA, that's how we should actually operate in product. So I don't think there should be any surprises there. Okay, so for those, I actually put a link to audit, monitoring on point. The reason why is I actually worked on that right before I went on vacation. Today was the 1st deployment for it to prod. So this repoke, one of the PRs I had was a giant PR. Don't blame me for that. But, One of the reasons why I actually did that was it's a lift and shift, so the current code for this actually sits within EDM capture service. So we are working on separating the audit monitoring away from capture service so that it can scale and audit actually has a lot of use cases beyond ADM, it actually has use cases beyond just card acquisitions. So that's why we're separating this out. But you can look at all the PRs that Samir Wich had created. I didn't know that he created 25 PRs. When I was gone, but So you can actually look at what all you actually did in these 4 PRs, and we have to create the exact same type of structure like so that we can actually create a production infrastructure provisioning and then actually go from there. TLS is something we can actually do right after that. Uh, right now, uh, STTP, like uh, ADAD is actually good enough. We don't actually have to worry about TLS, TLS, but we have to get to that because any application that actually deals with PII, more specifically tokenized taxpayer ID, like SSN, we are mandated that it's into and it actually has to be encrypted. So we can't actually just do like, uh, uh, No TLS. It has to be TLS N2L. Any questions? I'm good. Cool. One caveat to this, always create your IM roll separately. One of the issues that I've always seen is there is a sequencing in how it actually has to be done. Sometimes I saw this in depth most of the time, it doesn't actually affect us. Uh, I actually have the habit of like, if you see, like there is a venue CLI stuff. Like you'll see Devervenue, Quebec, so the, I mean, UCLI is the one that actually deploys the IM roll. Uh, we have the same thing even for our capture service. So dev brought QA, so we should actually have these created and create just these and this will actually get the IM roll deployed 1st and then we can actually go ahead and make the code change for the product infrastructure. That way we should get it. He was able to add the 8443 stuff. Sameer actually did this work. Uh, it's really easy to submit for a certificate. Once the certificate gets in it's really easy. You just need to add it to secrets manager, but we can actually delay this and actually do it after. Okay. You can just use the skip, like, I can, like, deploy. No, you can't. If you use a skip flag, what do you, 1st of all, actually, what do you mean skip flag and for what? Uh, like what we did in Offalog is uh, we had like uh, feature uh, deployments for individual, like we segregated avenue and Lambda. So there are like in case if we want to trigger only avenue, right? Then we just toggle the flat 2 years. Yeah. The problem that you actually run with that type of setup, sometimes they will actually blame that your infrastructure for creating IM didn't run completely because all stages, when you define it in bogey, they say that you need to run it. So there is no, like, behind the scenes, this is actually just using the avenue gear is using cloud formation, not cloud formation, sorry, terraform. It will 1st run and it will actually check to see if there is any differences. If there is any difference, it's not even actually going to execute. So it doesn't matter. There is no point in actually like skipping the avenue ones. Okay. So, that's the one. The 2nd thing that we actually have to do is before we hit the next treks, which is in August, is the resiliency stuff. Once you have the senames and everything actually provisioned, we actually have to make sure that, uh, Or, so per ASV, there is a single I'm going to call it lamb duck, but if you actually go to cloud doctor, you will see fail over related lamb das. Uh, quick 2nd. So. So you see these failover ones? So what these guys do, you can easily actually go ahead and enable and disable a region. So during tracks, this is what we do. We just actually go and disable one region. And the traffic starts flowing to the other one. So that's what we've been doing. There is a single failover lander on smart ops. Which we run? Uh, it's like a single button, like a big red button. So with a single execution, Uh, run books. So we have. So you manage your name fellow? This single one, if you look at what it actually does, It does the update for every single one. Um, I was able to see this in Lambda schedule variable sets, executions. I don't think you can view the code unless I'm actually wrong. There should be a means for us to have. Policies is, I think, when or maybe when you play execute is like... Yeah, so thank you. So you can actually see all of our ALVs, the app where it is inside their account. It'll actually just go ahead and flip the ALBs. So we have to add it here. So once this is done, it will actually take care of failing over. Since everything is tied to the same ASV. So yes, we got application processing. So this runbook needs to actually have that. So these are 2 things we need to do within the next 2 weeks or all the services that we have created. And they should come 1st and then we can actually make all the other improvements like hotel related stuff that we need to add, uh, when it actually have like proper spunk dashboards and stuff. So there is logging. So there is more that we can actually do. I'll actually work on sharing that next week, but this is the basic stuff I think that we should be doing it for the orchestration service. Orchestration, I don't think there's any code still, so we probably will have to do. Maybe I can actually work on creating that. Uh, and then uh, all the other basic stuff needs to be done. So this actually will help you guys learn more about like what it is that actually happens behind the scenes. Good one question. So we don't have any downstream at this point, right? So for live dependency test, we can have some dummy. Uh, test or... Yep. UK, right? Okay. Oh, okay. perfect. The basic endpoint that I actually created for PLK, the capture service, let me look at it. Yeah, addition, addition in point. Yeah. So what it actually does is, I think it just actually spits out. What you call? Like, if you actually... Yeah, no, no app already found is what I see. Uh, I think uh, let's see. I added uh, the reason visitor, probably I think I can remove that. It actually just gives you like a SDP 200. doesn't do anything. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, that should be good enough for us to actually take it all the way to Prat because, like, we don't actually care, right? Yeah. So it's it's not a big deal from what we actually have. So at 2 point. Once we start adding secrets, once we start adding TLS, we need to have secrets manager integration. So there is like a bunch of stuff that we actually have to do. But what we have right now in Maine, I think we should actually just take it all the way to production. Just that, got it to make sure everything is good and then do the fillover stuff. And once that is done, then iteratively we can actually add the next stuff, which is we need to add hotel, then we can actually add the secret manager integration. Then we can actually add downstream integration. Like we can actually do like configurated stuff and things like that slowly. based off of what actually makes sense. Uh, just remember that, that, uh, there is a clot.md file that I actually added. It is very restrictive if you're actually using Claude. Because I've seen the bugs got introduced a lot when somebody uses clot, which is not. And people actually tend to go overboard, they actually just develop, like in a single branch, they just actually go ahead and spin out like 1000s of lines of coat. It makes it really difficult for somebody to review because there is a lot of noise. And if I start or any engineer starts reviewing it and we start nitpicking, between you guys and me, I think like for a single PR, we can actually just go and nitpick like forever. And it's easy for dog to get met. So my recommendation always is keep it like 300 to 350 lines of code. For a single feature for a single story, you can have 10 PRs. It doesn't matter. We should stack them so that way we can actually go ahead and actually have like quicker turnaround for these PRs. Uh, and then actually merge it. So once those things are actually all done, it'll actually become easy. It will be like back of our hand. So we should get into the habit of like deploying to production like multiple times a day without actually having to worry about it. Got it. Oh. Good question, Mukun. So when you talk about the secret manager, right? So, I don't know if you're aware, but on, I think this week itself, we all created an app in exchange. And we have on actually had created a managed secret for QIT environment. Yep. Over there. So, um, one thing I've observed is like uh, for devils we are using a non-proad. Don't we have like a separate death? No, okay, so... You don't want to get into that, then you'll actually understand when we start doing data sets. We should always have, like, Are you talking about separate exchange endpoints? Are you talking about different apps? What is it that you're talking about? No, I'm talking about the AWS account that we're using. We have a devil account. I recommend not using the dev account because it actually makes no sense to use it. Uh, we would just actually have our Devin QA in the same end point. Like it doesn't matter. All of non-broad could actually be in a single account. There is a separate dev account. just don't use it in EDM. DPM actually uses their dev. Uh, it's, yeah, that's what I was confused. So, like, a separate dev and is particular using on-profile. We just have like a single non-proad, so you'll see that there is a QA in a business account. That is where we have our all of our non-proad and prod is what. So just 2 accounts is good enough. Oh, yeah, that makes sense. So, the action, sorry. Do we need to integrate the 7s Ps with products? No. There is no 7 B as in broad. 7 B is only non-broad. No, during the CACD, will it Yes. what actually happens? your component S cases and your LDTs. Both of them report to 7PS. So NBA is the one that orchestrates the whole thing, like how it runs. Once those tests are run, it actually sends the results to Artemus. And that is the approval, right? Like one pipeline when you actually go look at an API where it actually approves. I dont know if you guys have actually seen it or not. I'll just show you. Okay, not one place. Dev now. So, what happens is once your pipeline actually runs, No, just show this. Once your Jenkins build runs, you can actually go to Jenkins from here. It actually does a bunch of stuff, right? Did you do your ATTD testing, TCI review, pipeline, like test compliance? So it actually has like a bunch of stuff it actually does. Test compliance is the one that actually has like unit testing pass, component testing pass, live dependency pass. Contract has not integrated performance testing into the pipeline yet. I think capture actually has it. Maybe, and it takes, maybe that. It does all these things. So each stage of your build in Jenkins will actually go ahead and report back here. And when it actually hits the I hate Jenkins. It's too slow.. It's like 10 seconds of my life right there. Still not loaded. So, as part of this, you will see, like, bunch of stages. Come on, blue ocean load. So all these stages run, right? So live dependency test, it actually reports. Component test cases, it reports all these things are actually reported back to Demnab hub, and it actually picks up the results from that. So, it will actually also give you what are the different releases that's actually going in. Uh, let's see if I can actually look at uh, EDM capture service maybe. I think it's a bad capture. So. Lisa's. Is history. This one is successful. So it will show up all the things that actually go in as part of this. And you'll see everything here, like peer reviews and things, sometimes this is actually doesn't say it could be, we have a mandate that uh, we can't have a SOD violation. So, this is how it actually shows up. And these should match with the x-ray scenarios and all, right? Oh, you mean DGI? Uh, that's... This doesn't check anything related to that, but you can see the UI link here. So if you actually go to the quality insights, you will actually see for that particular build or for that service. Uh, What, like if it passed component test cases, it will tell you like what our test cases that actually had. Similarly, it will actually have like a bunch of other stuff. Uh, like if you have live dependency test cases, what all the different live dependency test cases it actually has, quality insights, picks it up. I don't think there is a, uh, There is probably, uh, like there is probably a mandate that you need to have at least one. And Jira x-ray should be tied to it. So. Like, I've seen a traceability folder in the game capture service as well, uh, which has like, uh, yeah, mill. That is mentioning about like the x-ray, it's scenarios around, that's what it is. Yep. So that is, this is required for GI x-ray. Yeah, so you have this, what 7PS does is it actually takes this, and uh, uh, link with Pajira. Yeah. So that it actually communicates back and test cases are actually tied to it. If it fails, you will see what it is. Like, I remember I used to see, like, stuff here where it actually says the GR x-ray ID. It could be wrong. I was probably looking at something different, but normally into actually the ham I did, right? The time ID. Yeah. You'll actually see that. sometimes you'll see it. what actually happened. They probably removed it or something. So. But to do a production deployment, x-ray is not mandatory, is what I'm trying to say. It is mandatory. Oh, it is mandatory. Okay. Oh, yeah, because it won't let you pass the keyway stage. It will say that the syndrome, you didn't compliance check pay. Okay. So, in that case, can we use the x-ray, whatever, um, the idioms, the repositories using, right, can use the same. You need to have your own. So each test case, yeah, each test case should be on its own. I don't prefer something like this. Uh, I like to actually, like, group things down. Uh, I try to argue, the engineers overrode me, so I just gave up. Uh, but you should actually tie these GRA x-rays associated to your flows. Like for example, all these are tied to the student status, right? All these are tied to student verification. This is all tied to instant spend. So you need to actually keep things combined together so that you don't have it. Some teams have had, like, each test is a separate Jira XR ticket. I'd prefer that. Yeah. It makes no sense. I would want to do that. It was organized, actually, in Discover, right? We have a separate ID for each and every scenario, which is lot. Yeah, just disorganized. Yeah. Not a fan of bureaucracy for the sake of bureaucracy. By the way, I'm very open. If I don't like it, I'll actually say it like it, but I'm more of disagree and commit person. So. If you want to hear my true honest feedback, be ready to hear it. That's much better, right? Well, I don't actually have to lie and I don't actually have to sugarcoat, so. Yeah. too much effort for me to remember what I said. Easy to be truthful. Yep. So, okay, so Jira wise, I think you're good. Tam, you are good. So roll, I think we spoke. Uh, what else we have? So probably I think for... You guys have access to spot? Yeah, yeah, we rise the access, I think we got the access and absorbing. You guys have access to observe? So observe access is required for you to be able to actually create and view dashboards. Uh, like EDM actually has dashboards, like there is also something called, uh, Dog tracer. In service itels that Jacob created. It's a pretty good thing. Uh, created by, how do I see your mom? So he created something like the service dependencies deployments, minor, capture deployment. He created one from what I remember for life dependency test cases. I dont know if you actually created it for EDM or He did something recently. He was playing around with it. I forgot. So that dog tracer report actually submits, test case failures and things like that. Uh, I'll ask him to see if he actually has a English. There should be something on the slack channel. So that actually helps you trace, like, for example, if something is failing in QA. And somebody reaches out and says, why did this fail? As part of every single test execution, like as part of it actually goes and uh, reports to hotel. So you can actually go ahead and create a dashboard for everything that you need. Like he created one for deployment, for example. Like, what is the latest version in the Fargate versus what is the new one in the Fargate? You can actually compare these 2 and then actually do like an analysis of that to say, like, what actually happened? How did it actually perform? Uh, what changed? When did it change? When did the deployment happen? So he actually built all of these things. This is like yesterday's deployment. So you can see like, uh, this was the one that actually, this one overrode this one. So you can actually do a comparison, it actually tells you between both of them, what is the summit latency? You can actually look at both of them and be like, what's actually going on? So it actually gives you like, what was the previous version and what is the new version? So you actually built. So there is like a bunch of stuff that you can actually do. So once you actually start doing this in hotel, you'll actually see like all these types of things. There is, I don't know how many of you actually know hotel. There is like high cardinality metrics, there is low carton antimetrics. If you have low cardinality, it means it's very generic. Those, you can create pretty quickly actually go ahead and create the rash boards. Uh, Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna see by creator name, probably Adam created. Adam did that on idiom overview. So, like, for example, there is a lot of dashboards, like if you actually go to capture from here, you will see it takes a while to load. Uh, High cartel antimatrics are hard because Every single, like if you actually have like Apple ID, for example, each application is different, right? So we receive close to 150,000 applications in credit card every day. It's gonna take a while, even for 4 hours, for you to actually get it, because it actually captures every single one. Low carnality loads pretty quick because it's very generic. So there is a concept of that. So you need to know what do you need to measure versus what you don't need to measure? And you need to actually have make the conscious choice of like, okay, this is going with high cardinality and low cardinality. So from a high level, you know, the breakdown from a low level, you know, the breakdown. So these are things like that that we actually have to implement. We'll come to that when you actually hit there. So, yeah, Jira X-ray, uh, time. I am rolls, deployment. Anything else that we need to call? So we might have to look at pipeline blockers and vulnerabilities on the WNF for the application. I have no idea whether you do it here. I normally just go to, uh, WMC. This is where I actually go look at. And WMC will actually load for the ASV and actually tell you what it is. So this is what I actually go look at like vulnerabilities and take backlogs and stuff like that. These days, I've actually just started looking directly at the issues because I think the renovator does a good job of actually going and updating things. So we need to be a little bit careful. still reviewing that PR, I need to actually understand, but it'll actually go ahead and actually create PRs. for everything that you need, but this is one good source. The other one is Ozone. So, ozone actually has infrastructure vulnerabilities, as well as everything else. Like if you have to have a secret that needs to be rotated. So it will actually show up here, so every single one of them. So WMC and Ozone are the actually ones that I actually look at for vulnerabilities to see what it is. We prefer to be 0 in the sense that as close as possible before the deadline, we actually have to make sure that we actually get to it. Uh, but it is what it is. Why is dynamic app showing up in over that's because there's 2 ASVs? Okay. I do not care about dynamic care. So, this, you will see, like, these are infrastructure, uh, yes, these are, like, buckets. One broad, non-proad, and it actually will tell you specifically like what's going on with this. Mostly we accessible from within. I think we actually solved for it. I't understand why it actually keeps plugging, but yeah, so these are the 2 things for vulnerabilities. You need to keep your eye on. This starts, this gets escalated. So just letting you know. If you go beyond a certain date, it actually goes crazy. Like this is controls. I need to actually flag Jacob or Dylan. That this is breaking. Any other questions? Oh, we have only QA and UAT, right? We are not using do anymore. Oh, there is, there, we're not going to use UAT. Oh, okay. So, we're gonna be doing a dab. So there's going to be PR, there is a separate PR stacks, right? Each PR gets to provide individually into its own cluster. Within 24 hours after there is no deployments, it automatically cleans things up. There is a depth cluster, when something merges into Maine, it goes to depth, and then it actually goes to QA, and then it will go to Prat. So that's all we're going to have. We're not actually going to. Yeah, 280. Yep. No, no UAT. Okay. We don't need you at E. I'm gonna wish I can.. Okay, then, uh, we don't know how to create any UAT contributation for, uh, My life to pregnancy test, right? Okay. Nope, none. Anything else? I think I think we are good. Maybe we can start creating stories for production from next uh, starting from Monday. Mukund. So, um, uh, good thing is I think I have some uh, the uh, live dependency test and functional test, right? So I'll start getting a small PR, like a draft PR, as you suggested. Once it is approved, right, then uh, I'll work on that x-ray po, x-ray, another uh, a time related stuff. Probably, I think, uh, the PL capture service is in better space. I mean, better spot because we have 2 endpoints or 3 endpoints, a PL experience orchestration, right? I think we may need to bring some code there. You have to start building that app. Mostly search contract, right? Search contract is going to be in the PL experience orchestrator. And uh, do you have any uh, collection? Like, uh, postman or pro or something? Insomnia. Oh, why would you want that? This is a new app, right? Oh, no, I mean, like, I think we already have, like, a couple of endpoints in this, right? So. No, we have only one. The health is the one which actually pings every 2 minutes or something and I think I saw. Yeah, you should not, there is no access for you to hit health, by the way. Yeah. Might be able to actually hit health and nonproad. I don't even know if it's actually allowed because the ALB is the only one that actually hits health. You should not have any access to health. Pro broad, you cannot even actually hit it. Uh, for capture, you will have one for submit, you'll have one for retrieve, you'll have one for uh, update the data and then one for update status for the application, for the workflow engine to actually call an update. Uh, there will be Probably 2 searching points. So that should be all in capture. There is like 6 end points that you'll have. When we start working on the stories, then we can actually start populating the insomnia collection. So that way it will sit as part of the repo itself and it'll actually keep getting updated. Uh, Orchestration should actually have only one endpoint from what I know. It should not actually have multiple end points. Uh, there should be probably two. Worst case, one is to actually, like the search contract. Yeah, one will be just for searching contract? The other one is actually going to be like, experience art. Yeah, decision, right? Yeah. You could actually even have one. You don't even actually need search because both of them are orchestrating experiences, right? So you should probably just do something. We can actually play around with the endpoint, with the actual rest patterns, like slash search type of thing, slash experience slash search. with parameters, or we can actually just change it by that, we can actually see what it is. And then, I don't know, we should not have anything else from what I know. Save and continue probably is gonna go through pretty fill. So that is already like saved, uh, a setup and as well as like retreat refill. Endpoints, they have, I think we should be able to use that for what we need. Trying to think. This person should actually have some, but this person is a different animal, so we'll actually see that. Uh, What actually happens? What else? Something... Yeah, so, no, no, Jira is not ready. What's out, said? So for now we are creating stories in our document. Just actually create guitar issues. That's actually easier. Yeah. You can actually use clot or something to actually create the guitar issues with proper information, then you can actually just copy paste it post 8 stories if you actually need. It's also easier when you actually have like something in guitar, we can actually just share that on the screen and actually talk about rather than word document going up and down. Hmm, yeah, yeah. Mm. Anything else? I know you guys had a lot of questions. It's almost 440. It's up to you. Uh, is there any question that I can actually answer immediately, or are there questions that you guys have on Slack? Can wait till next week? All my questions are answered, Okun, thank you so much. Right? You guys should have like a team one hour conversation every week. Uh, so we have something in the other teams called Pineapple Lower. So Team Pineapple, actually, they just actually jump on engineers, just talk to each other. and see what it is. But... Well, we know, we'll see. And hopefully you guys enjoy your weekend and see you guys Monday. And one thing like I have the PR, right? So, I saw your comments and responded back. So whenever you have some time, can you? I thought, Rakesh, you're going to be working on the products, products set up on like current seems playing. so. Are you still on the Allspice side of things? Are you going to be working on EDM? Like? I think, uh, we thought I would be working on the ADM side, right? Not sure, but I have no idea, as long as we have something. All right, well, talk to you, sir. Okay. Thank you. Can you hear me? Yeah. Oh, you can, yeah. So I just wanted to check, do you want something like I'm free, so wanted to check if I have to pick up any stories or you want me to? Work on something specific. You can do that on Monday. Where do you care about like 340 on a Friday? No, no, no, I mean, I'll do it on Monday, but like, I can start the 1st half itself. So if anything needs to be picked up, like, I have, um, Yeah, product set up, right? Yeah, probably the product setup. Okay, I can do that. I have some experience with that. Yeah, maybe, so I think it's good to start with PL capture, which is in decent space, right? Frankie, maybe I will wrap up that x-ray and testing side. Then you can start creating the roles, and maybe we can start with that, maybe. Is it fine, Mukan? Yeah. Okay. You can actually just start the roles on the side, too, like, production again, start doing it. But I don't think it will actually succeed because it's not, the pipeline won't even actually cross the US stage. Yep. Yeah, but you can still actually start doing it nicely. Yeah, I can just, yeah, maybe I can just create a draft and see. Sounds good. Cool. And it would be great if you have a top one for all these, Frankie. Maybe you can refer that. Like an empty file, then you can put that in, put it directly as part of your, uh, the report itself. Like, is it fine? Oh okay. Within the dog's folder, you can actually just create like a, if you want like a requirements or something, and you can actually start putting the stuff inside there, just to start tracking, because all these things technically should be in Jira. So we'll see. Sure. Cool. Bye. Bye. weekend. See you guys. Thank you. Have a great weekend, everyone. Bye. Yeah, bye.